so we've had lots of videos on the vox
order and for a change I thought we
would just do some video on the roads
piano bass so here I have freedom Twp
and we're going to just play some notes
from all three so we can compare the
various sounds from these fine
instruments just before I get onto that
I'll just give you a close-up of each
one this is the black road space which
I've used in the early videos on YouTube
it's a particularly fine specimen of
piano bass as you can see some beautiful
condition exquisite museum quality as
with most of the instruments that I have
it's the black roads p.m. so we'll just
do some notes and we'll compare by
switching the amp onto the silver one on
2d 1960 piano bass down here now as
regards to this one here at the end I
think it probably would benefit from
using a preamp to amplify the signal the
reason being it's just such a very old
instrument but it's in beautiful
condition as you can see we cover the
inside no expense was spared to put some
velvet inside the lid whereas the older
ones of course only have the tall x but
this one's in fantastic condition as
well
it's cleaned up really well just a few
cracks there on the keys very minor but
not surprising because of its age
nineteen sixty and not sounding too bad
in comparison to the other roads basis
let's try it out now on the silver one
but it's in fresh in your heads what
it's a different sound that's kind of
more like the Dorothy sound that we're
all used to
this is the silver top one I have it's
immaculate just like the other one
museum quality really just give you a
false look fine answer it
that one has that actually three hurt
the thing is freehand two hinges on that
one the black one one hinge that red one
at the end has one hinge put two on the
silver on that particular model as for
the key action and the key action on
this one is probably superior on the
silver topic may be my favorite out of
the tree definitely this one